one thing i'd like to do is take aristotle's four causes and combine
the "material" and "efficient" causes in to the "mechanical" cause,
and the "formal" and "final" causes in to the "intentional" cause. i
was reading "context changes everything" and this is the kind of thing
i'm thinking about rn.

also at some point i wanna do the music macro language embedding in
python. i was thinking of combining it with some type of signal
processing api, like supercollider or max/pure data basically, also
embedded in python so you could load different instruments and play
them with the tracker language, unlike the nes mml which only had like
square waves and stuff

also combining a tracker api with a canvas api for synchronized
music/video would be nice

subatomic program synthesis: generating the language as well as the
program using subatomic logic. you can create a completely new
language, finetune an existing one etc

functionalization - f15n
tiling the world with functions

composition & selection; mechanical & intentional cause

composition and selection was something like product/sum types as the
level of concepts: the product type in the sense that things combine
to form new things, the sum type in the sense that things are related
to other things

i am split between using python for most synthesis and making a new
scripting language. probably i'll have to make a new scripting
language bc python just doesn't have important things like rewriting
semantics, delimited continuations etc. i still want to use pyodide
though, that's what `python.ts` is for

there's also markov algorithms which will be embedded everywhere, in
both python and whatever future scripting language
